Yeah, when I am doubting myself or I am, uh, self doubting. One of the
amazing, amazing things that I've learned is to journal. I carry a
journal in my purse and my bag, Um, when I am self darling or self doubting
or self sabotaging myself, I have tow Write it out. Um, for
example, if I say to myself, I can't do that, um, I'm not gonna do well
at that. Then all of I write it down. Why did I say that? I asked
myself all the time questions like Why? Why am I in this space where
I'm asking myself and self doubting myself? So I I write it down.
Why did I say I can't do that? Why did I say I'm not going to do well
at it? And I read it. And when I read it, I can answer that question.
Well, why did I say I can't do that? And the more I read that question,
then I'm able to answer it. But that was That's one of the
things I like to do when I'm I'm in that self doubt mode or I'm in that
self, um, self sabotaging mold asked myself the question Why? Okay,